#labels Phase-Deploy,Featured
Zope Public License (ZPL) Version 2.1
 A copyright notice accompanies this license document that identifies the copyright holders.
 This license has been certified as open source. It has also been designated as GPL compatible by the Free Software Foundation (FSF).
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
   
   # Redistributions in source code must retain the accompanying copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.
   # Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the accompanying copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
   # Names of the copyright holders must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission from the copyright holders.
   # The right to distribute this software or to use it for any purpose does not give you the right to use Servicemarks (sm) or Trademarks (tm) of the copyright holders. Use of them is covered by separate agreement with the copyright holders.
   # If any files are modified, you must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

Disclaimer

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The prototype javascript library is owned by others (see its license at: http://www.prototypejs.org)

This code was written by Jordi Martinez (*Garito - http://blogs.sistes.net/Garito *)
Feel free to collaborate: if your changes are cool I include them in this product

= *Zope Smart Manager* 0.0.1 preAlpha = 
(Terrassa - Barcelona - Catalonia - 2008-01-09)

== How to use it: ==
 # Copy the folder ZSM into your instance's Products folder
 # Restart your instance to install the product
 # Move the file ZMSFiles.zexp into your instance's import folder (in future version I try to avoid this part)
 # Import it into your instance's root
 # Access to the Zope Smart Manager by typing 

http://yourserver:yourport/<some_path_or_not/>ZSmanage

== Roadmap: ==
 * Change the original code to a real good one as an interface and so on (perhaps you could help)
 * Add more products to the list of patched ones
 * Try to convince other product developers to include the ZSM interface into his/hers products to avoid the monkey patch need
 * Try to create some good looking styles (perhaps we could make ZSM skinable)
 * Implement the edition features (I plan to use script.aculo.us - http://script.aculo.us/ - and modalbox - http://www.wildbit.com/labs/modalbox/ -. I doubt about this last library
 * Who knows?

If you have any question or bug or want to collaborate or something related about ZSM please join us at
Yanged's Google Group at http://groups.google.com/group/yanged

I hope this works helps you as much as helps me and inspire you to create cool code and share with us
Thank you to give this product a chance I hope it doesn't disappoint you